{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red66\green176\blue82;\red116\green116\blue116;\red162\green168\blue247;\red252\green81\blue109;\red135\green135\blue135;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c21569\c21569\c21569;\csgray\c0;
\cssrgb\c30588\c72941\c39608;\csgenericrgb\c45371\c45371\c45371;\cssrgb\c69412\c72549\c97647;\cssrgb\c100000\c41961\c50196;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 > We need to overhaul the projectdetailsview UI. It is too \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 confusing and does not look properly consolidated or organized. \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Needs to have an intuitive layout. Perhaps expanding sections like \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 projectformsheet?\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Commit the changes so far with a detailed message, and then lets \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 work on the redesign of the UI \cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Bash
\f0\b0 (cd /Users/jacksonsweet/Desktop/OPS\\ LTD./OPS && git add -A &&\
      git commit -m "Unify project and task details into single view\'85)\
  \uc0\u9151  [feature/unified-project-task-details 55c1659] Unify project a\
    nd task details into single view\
     7 files changed, 685 insertions(+), 1430 deletions(-)\
    \cf6 \'85 +2 lines (ctrl+o to expand)\cf4 \
\
\
\cf2 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  Committed: \cf7 55c1659\cf4 \
\
  Now let me review the current \cf7 ProjectDetailsView\cf4  and \cf7 ProjectFormSheet\cf4  to understand the patterns:\
\
\cf8 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/Components/Project/ProjectDetailsView.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf8 Error: File content (34951 tokens) exceeds maximum allowed tokens \cf4 \
     \cf8 (25000). Please use offset and limit parameters to read specific \cf4 \
     \cf8 portions of the file, or use the GrepTool to search for specific \cf4 \
     \cf8 content.\cf4 \
\
\cf8 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/Components/Project/ProjectFormSheet.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0\cf8 Error reading file\cf4 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Search
\f0\b0 (pattern: "**/*FormSheet*.swift", path: "OPS")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Found 
\f1\b 3 
\f0\b0 files \cf9 (ctrl+o to expand)\cf4 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/Components/Project/ProjectDetailsView.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 200
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/Components/Project/ProjectDetailsView.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 300
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/JobBoard/ProjectFormSheet.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 200
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/JobBoard/ProjectFormSheet.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 300
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/Components/Project/ProjectDetailsView.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 300
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/JobBoard/ProjectFormSheet.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 300
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Search
\f0\b0 (pattern: "private var.*Section.*View", path:\
        "OPS/Views/Components/Project/ProjectDetailsView.swift",\
        output_mode: "content")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Found 
\f1\b 13 
\f0\b0 lines \cf9 (ctrl+o to expand)\cf4 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Search
\f0\b0 (pattern: "ExpandableSection", path: "OPS")\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Found 
\f1\b 8 
\f0\b0 files \cf9 (ctrl+o to expand)\cf4 \
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Views/JobBoard/ProjectFormSheet.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 200
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  
\f1\b Read
\f0\b0 (OPS/Styles/Components/ExpandableSection.swift)\
  \uc0\u9151  \'a0Read 
\f1\b 127
\f0\b0  lines\
\
\cf2 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  I now have a clear picture of both files:\
\
  
\f1\b Current ProjectDetailsView structure:
\f0\b0 \
  - \cf7 locationSection\cf4  (map + address)\
  - \cf7 projectInfoSection\cf4 \
  - \cf7 taskDetailsSection\cf4  (when task selected)\
  - \cf7 tasksSection\cf4 \
  - \cf7 photosSection\cf4 \
  - Plus various task sub-sections (status, schedule, notes, team, navigation)\
\
  
\f1\b ProjectFormSheet pattern:
\f0\b0 \
  - \cf7 ExpandableSection\cf4  components with tap-to-expand\
  - \cf7 OptionalSectionPillGroup\cf4  for quick access pills\
  - Dynamic section ordering (opened section moves to top)\
  - Auto-scroll on expand\
\
  Before I redesign, I have a few questions to clarify:\
\
  1. 
\f1\b Task Selection UX
\f0\b0 : When a task is selected, how should it appear?\
    - Inline expansion within the tasks list?\
    - A separate "selected task" section that expands?\
    - Something else?\
  2. 
\f1\b Which sections should be collapsible?
\f0\b0 \
    - Location/Address\
    - Client info\
    - Tasks list\
    - Photos\
    - Notes\
    - Team\
    - Selected task details\
  3. 
\f1\b Should there be quick-access pills
\f0\b0  at the top (like ProjectFormSheet) for jumping to sections?\
  4. 
\f1\b Header
\f0\b0 : Keep the current header style with status badge + project title, or redesign?\
\
\cf2 \cb3 > 1. There should be a selected task section within project details\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3  view, perhaps at the top (very minimal, basiclly just for \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 selection. Potentially swipe left/right to advance or go back \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 between tasks, or tap to see dropdown?\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 2. All sections that are collapsible in projectformsheet. At the \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 top need to show summary card, with tappable location. Similar \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 styling to the existing card on projectformsheet, but big enough to\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3  show map with location on it. \cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 3. I think the pills should expand into sections, like project form\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3  sheet. \cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 4. sure, lets keep it for now. \cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \uc0\u9210 \cf4  Got it. This is a significant UI overhaul. Let me enter plan mode to design this properly.\
                             }